in 1985 maine lighthouse keeper thomas
curry rescues atlanta
the queen of the underwater kingdom of
atlantis during a storm
they fall in love and have a son named
arthur who has the power to communicate
with sea creatures
when atlantean soldiers are sent to
retrieve atlanta
who fled her arranged marriage in
atlantis she is forced to abandon her
family
to protect them and returns to atlantis
and trusting her advisor
nuedes fuko to train arthur becoming a
skilled warrior
arthur rejects atlantis upon learning
that atlanta was executed for loving a
human
and having a half-breed son in the
present day
sometime after the death of steppenwolf
arthur confronts pirates hijacking a
russian akula class submarine
their leader jesse kane is killed in a
failed attempt to kill arthur
and his son david vows revenge o.r.m
marius
king of atlantis and arthur's
half-brother attempts to convince king
nerius of zebel
to help unite atlantis and attack the
surface world for polluting the oceans
nereus notes that if orm unites all four
kingdoms
he will receive the title of ocean
master commander of the most powerful
force on the planet
a russian submarine attacks and is
destroyed by orm
convincing nerius to join forces to
defend the oceans
nerius daughter mara betrothed to orm
refuses to aid them and journeys to the
surface to ask arthur for help
he declines but mara earns his trust by
saving thomas from a tsunami summoned by
orm
arthur reluctantly accompanies mera to a
rendezvous with fuko who urges arthur to
find the trident of atlan
a magic artifact of atlanta's first
ruler to reclaim his rightful place as
king
they are ambushed by orm's men and
arthur is captured
arthur is chained and presented to orm
who blames him and the surface for
atlanta's death
he offers arthur an opportunity to leave
forever but arthur challenges him to a
duel in a ring of underwater lava
orm gains the upper hand and nearly
kills arthur before mara rescues him
arthur and mara journey to the fallen
kingdom of the deserters hidden under
the sahara desert
where the trident was forged and unlock
a holographic message that leads them to
sicily
italy where they retrieve the trident's
coordinates
orm meets david revealing that the
submarine that attacked was the one
hijacked by david
hired by orm to stage an attack from the
surface to win nereus support
orm gives david a prototype atlantean
battle suit to kill arthur
imprisons fuko and coerces the atlantean
kingdom of the fishermen to pledge their
allegiance to him by killing their king
after he declines and forcing the queen
and princess
who is next in line for the throne to
assemble their forces out of fear
an armored david re-christens himself as
black manta and ambushes arthur and mara
in sicily
grievously injuring arthur before he is
thrown off a cliff
mera nurses arthur's wounds as they seek
the trident and encourages him to
embrace his destiny as king
at their destination arthur and mara
fend off amphibious monsters of the
trench
and a wormhole transports them to an
uncharted sea at the center of the earth
they are reunited with atlanta who 20
years earlier
was sacrificed to the trench for having
arthur but had survived and escaped to
the uncharted sea
alive and well arthur faces the caravan
a mythical leviathan and keeper of the
trident and voices his determination to
protect both atlantis and the surface
proving his worth and reclaiming the
trident which grants him control over
the seven seas
orm and his allies lead an army against
the crustacean forces of the kingdom of
the brine to complete orm's preparations
as orm declares himself ocean master
arthur
and mara with the assistance of karathan
and the trench
lead an army of marine creatures against
him
orm's followers embrace arthur as the
true king upon learning he wields
atlan's trident
arthur defeats orm in combat but spares
his life
and orm accepts his fate after
discovering that arthur has rescued
their mother
atlanta reunites with thomas while
arthur ascends to the throne with mera
by his side
in a mid-credits scene david is rescued
by dr stephen shin
a marine scientist and conspiracy
theorist obsessed with atlantis
and agrees to lead shin there in
exchange for help in his revenge on
arthur